fix: Added Pitstops, Qualifying, Circuits, Constructors, Drivers Standings and Constructors standings endpoint docs (#83)
jolpica/jolpica-f1: docs/endpoints/constructorStandings.md

[← Documentation Home](/docs/README.md)
# Constructor Standings

Gets a season's constructors standings 

**URL** : `/ergast/f1/{YEAR}/constructorstandings/`

[Available Query Parameters](./README.md#query-parameters)

---

## Route Parameters:

### Season \*\*REQUIRED\*\*

**Filters for the constructors standing of a specified season. Year numbers are valid as is 'current' to get the current seasons constructors standings**

`/{season}/` -> ex: `/ergast/f1/2024/constructorstandings/`

**Note**: To utilize the `season` parameter it needs to be the first route after `/ergast/f1/`

---

### Round

> **Filters for the constructors standings after a specified round in a specific season. Round numbers 1 -> n races are valid as well as 'last'**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Filters for the constructors standings after a specified round in a specific season. Round numbers 1 -> n races are valid as well as `next` and `last`**
```

Author: I fixed the formatting for `last`

but How do we feel about how "next" for example, When we run next on the current season it returns an empty StandingsTable.StandingsList like this:

```
{
  "MRData": {
    "xmlns": "",
    "series": "f1",
    "url": "http://api.jolpi.ca/ergast/f1/2024/next/constructorstandings/",
    "limit": "30",
    "offset": "0",
    "total": "0",
    "StandingsTable": {
      "season": "2024",
      "round": "18",
      "StandingsLists": []
    }
  }
}
```

and if you use `next` on a specific past season like 2018 it will just return the standings after the first round of the 2019 season. While technically it is valid as there is not a server error  but I don't know if it is something that makes sense to list a feature?

Happy to add it. Just wanted to present that thought.

Reviewer: Yeah you're totally right, `next` will never make sense on the driver/constructor standing endpoints.
So I think you're right about not mentioning it.

> `/{season}/{roundNumber}/` -> ex: `/ergast/f1/2024/5/constructorstandings/`

Reviewer: I'm open to suggestions on what it should be, but we should name things consistently, e.g. `round` vs `roundNumber`, `season` vs `YEAR`.

For inspiration, this is what the value are called internally. We don't necessarily have to use them
https://github.com/jolpica/jolpica-f1/blob/8424ed415102dfa24de5b8a85faf605e9a5ee995/jolpica_api/ergastapi/urls.py#L44-L55

Not sure, for example, whether in driver filters we should use `driver`, `driver_ref` or `driver_reference`,

Author: Honestly last night I was slightly struggling with a few things like "what did I call it there" happy to refer to it as something more consistent.

Reviewer: Do what you think is best, I'll find some time to do a full read through of everything this evening.

Author: Hey @jolpica I found my little notepad I was scribbling thoughts onto. 

The reason I was using driverId for the field after drivers/ is because if you use a drivers filter. What is shown in the response for: https://api.jolpi.ca/ergast/f1/drivers/hamilton/races/ is this:
<img width="229" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/285bc8ae-f62a-46e1-9ae6-694bf1f35d66">

So I was using driverId, constructorId, season, etc because this is the name of the property that is shown in the response.

As for fastest, grid, results and status I slightly modified them because the fields are technically just called "fastest", "grid", "position" and "status" respectively and that doesn't properly capture what the field is meant oto mean.

So I changed:
|route|from|to|
|----|-----|-----|
|/fastest   |  `/{fastest}`    |    `/{lapRank}` |
|/grid     |     `/{grid}`         |   `/{gridPosition}` |
|/results    |  `/{position}`  |   `/{finishPosition}`|
|/status    |   `/{status}`     |   `/{statusId}`|

as I felt they are a bit more clear as to what they do/are at a simple glance. (like if you saw `status` you might think "Disqualified", or "Accident" would be valid, but `statusId` should tell you that you need to use a specific ID for a status.

If someone were to look for the status in the `/status/` endpoint they will see the status objects where there is a field called `statusId`and `status` and the `status`field here is actually not valid. 

You cant do: https://api.jolpi.ca/ergast/f1/status/Disqualified/races

but you can: https://api.jolpi.ca/ergast/f1/status/2/races

```
"StatusTable": {
      "Status": [
        {
          "statusId": "1",
          "count": "7592",
          "status": "Finished"
        },
        {
          "statusId": "2",
          "count": "146",
          "status": "Disqualified"
        },
        {
          "statusId": "3",
          "count": "1059",
          "status": "Accident"
        },
```

**Filters for only for a specific constructors's constructors standing information for a given year**

`/constructors/{constructorsId}/` -> ex: `/ergast/f1/2024/constructors/ferrari/constructorstandings/`

---

### position

**Filters for only the constructor in a given position in a given year**

`/{finishPosition}` -> ex: `/ergast/f1/2024/constructorstandings/1/`

**Note**: The position must be at the end after any filters and after `/constructorstandings/`

---

## Success Response

**Code** : `200 OK`

**Response Fields** :

[Common Response Fields](./README.md#common-response-fields)

`MRData.StandingsTable` : The object containing the season's constructors standing information.

`MRData.StandingsTable.season` : The filtered season.

`MRData.StandingsTable.round` : The round that the season the standings represent.

`MRData.StandingsTable.StandingsLists` : The list of constructors standings.

`MRData.StandingsTable.StandingsLists[i]` : A given constructors standings list object.

`MRData.StandingsTable.StandingsLists[i].ConstructorStandings` : The list of constructors standings objects.

---

## Constrcutors Standing Object Fields:

|Field|Required|
|---|:---:|

> |position| ✅ |
> |positonText|✅|
> |points|✅|
> |wins|✅|
> |Constructor|✅|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|position| ❌ |
|positonText|✅|
|points|✅|
|wins|✅|
|Constructor|✅|
Possible values for positionText include: `E` Excluded (2007 McLaren), `D` Disqualified, `-` for ineligible or the position as a string otherwise.  
```
